welcome sunset motors my name is Frank
Gerard two sharp 2011 Dodge Challenger
mineral gray metallic in color with the
racing stripes get 1000 windows 20s
chrome wheels with new tires dual
exhaust
he's a great car very sporty Romi ain't
comfortable
it's got the keyless entry
got power windows locks and mirrors get
the two-tone leather seats new condition
nice back seat so we got thirty four
thousand six 956 miles shows you outside
temperature
there's all you men you
cruise control AM FM CD auxiliary input
climate control get the automatic
transmission with the AutoStick storage
compartment passenger seats excellent
car still smells new very clean
nice chrome wheels it's good tires
let's get a roomy trunk the backseat
lays down for extra space side airbags
at the 3.6 liter v6 plenty of power fuel
efficient and reliable the car comes
with to remain at at full factory
warranty
we do offer extended warranties we also
have very competitive financing
available with lower interest in good
times to see if this challenger is still
for sale go to my website Sunset Marlin
com it's on a website for sale if not is
sold worldwide shipping is also
available to get a shipping quote if you
have any other questions give me a call
anytime toll free is eight seven seven
two six five one six seven nine thank
you for watching